Gentleman
The bastard who hurt Linlin has been caught
This is the end of your mind
Here we go.
Is it time to consider your personal issues?
You said our Sha family
Now you are the only heir
Such a big family business
How can there be no personal inheritance?
grandma
I think this still exists
You talk like that
Is this obviously for sarin?
Grandma, I just want instant noodles for a job
As for marriage
I have a choice.
you
This bastard's wings are getting harder and harder
Immediately go to the hospital to deal with that little fox spirit
Hello Dr. Wu
You're already on your way to the hospital.
Okay, great.
I can finally prove my heart to the killer
I killed this bastard yeah
Kill the lady
I have found witnesses
He's on his way to the hospital.
He can prove that I can't kill the lady
You little fox
Do you think I can't see it?
You are deliberately stalling for time
Let you keep an eye on the old lady's every move?
Who didn't expect the old lady to come and do it?